Link to general contributing docs vs LH-specific (#314)
submariner-io/lighthouse: README.md

## Contribute

> We welcome any contributions and please refer [Contribution Guide](https://submariner.io/contributing/) for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We welcome any contributions. Please refer to the [Contribution Guide](https://submariner.io/contributing/) for more details.
```
